## Brett's TextExpander Snippets ##

Just collecting a few of my favorite TextExpander snippets here, feel free to use. I have these set to expand after a Tab, but they should work with just about any expansion settings. Related commands all have similar beginnings to make using the "Suggest Completions" feature easier.

### Snippets ###

#### Tools.textexpander ####

* **Hyphenate clipboard**

	Hyphenates the contents of the clipboard, ignoring spaces after punctuation or leading/trailing spaces. Should probably just be a Service, but this is actually faster, most of the time.

* **Encode email address**

	Takes an email address in the clipboard and prints an ASCII-encoded (non-human-readable) version with mailto: prefix.

* **Clipboard HTML link**

	Makes an html hyperlink (code, not rich text) from a url in the clipboard. Uses the Fill feature to request the link text.

* **Markdown Link**

	Makes a Markdown format link from a url in the clipboard. Uses the Fill feature to request the link text.

* **Rounded Corners**

	Uses the Fill feature to request a pixel radius, and creates cross-browser CSS for rounded corners. There are 5 variations, one for each corner and one for all corners.

* **CSS Reset**

	Your typical CSS reset code, in Meyers and YUI flavors.

* **Shorten clipboard url**

	Shorten a URL in the clipboard, using bit.ly, go., is.gd or tinyurl. Slightly faster than the AppleScript versions available from TE, and they handle a wider range of possible inputs.

* **Make URL**

	Take whatever text is in the clipboard and provide a best-guess URL for it. Handy if you have a qualified domain and just need the protocol added, or if you have an email address and want it to be a mailto: link.

* **Hashbang**

	Instant hashbangs for ruby, osascript and bash.

* **Paste Markdown references**

	Takes a list of urls in the clipboard, in just about any format, and converts them into a list of Markdown references. Titles are generated by domains, incremented for repeats and sorted alphanumerically. Duplicate URL's are stripped from output.

#### Lipsums.textexpander ####

* **Placeholder Nav**

	Basic unordered list with dummy links.

* **Standard Lipsum**

	Three lipsumX commands for 1, 2 or 3 paragraphs of standard Lorem Ipsum.

* **HTML Lipsum**

	Ordered list, unordered list, and the full medley of HTML Lipsum for styling.

#### Random Lipsums.textexpander ####

* A series of snippets which use shell scripts to generate random text from various sources.

#### iOS Markdown.textexpander ####

* Snippets for fast Markdown entry using TextExpander touch